README.md, before:

# 🛡️ AgebypassX – v2.0.0  
Bypass **Twitter/X**'s age restrictions and unlock **sensitive media** — all **without compromising your privacy**.

---

## 🚀 Quick Setup Guide (Recommended) 
1. Install **Tampermonkey** (if not already installed).  
2. Install the **AgebypassX** userscript.  
3. Reopen X/Twitter — the **green indicator dot** should appear if everything is set up correctly. ✅  


---

## 🔒 Privacy Matters
Unlike other bypass scripts, **AgebypassX**:
- **Does NOT** send your data anywhere.
- **Does NOT** modify your account or cookies.
- **Does NOT** include analytics, ads, or tracking.
- Everything runs **locally** via Tampermonkey.

Your privacy stays protected. 🛡️

---

## 📸 How It Works 
Once installed, a small **animated dot** appears at the top-right of the page:
- 🟠 **Orange Dot (Pulsing)** → Script is **initializing** and searching for webpack chunks  
- 🟢 **Green Dot** → Script is **active** and successfully patched sensitive media settings ✅  
- 🔴 **Red Dot** → Failed to hook webpack or find sensitive media modules ❌  

**Enhanced Tooltip** (hover over dot):
- Shows **AgebypassX v2.0.0** version info
- **Status**: Active/Failed with detailed reason
- **Webpack**: Hook status (Hooked/Not hooked)  
- **Intercepts**: Number of webpack chunks intercepted
- **Patches**: Number of successful patches applied
- **Last**: Timestamp of most recent patch

**Debug Console** (for troubleshooting):
```javascript
// Enable debug logging
window.AgebypassX.config.debug = true;

// Check current status
window.AgebypassX.state;

// Force webpack re-check
window.AgebypassX.forceWebpackCheck();
```

---

## 🛠️ Troubleshooting v1.3.0

### Basic Issues
- If the indicator dot is **red**, reload the page and check console for errors
- Ensure Tampermonkey is **enabled** and script is **active**
- Use a **VPN** and set your location **outside of the UK**
- Make sure your **DNS is handled by the VPN** — avoid UK-based DNS
- **Clear your cookies** and **log out** of your X/Twitter session before enabling the script
- Tested only on **Chromium-based browsers** — other browsers may not work

### Advanced Debugging (v1.3.0)
1. **Enable Debug Mode**:
   ```javascript
   // In browser console on X.com
   window.AgebypassX.config.debug = true;
   ```

2. **Check Status**:
   ```javascript
   // View detailed status
   console.log(window.AgebypassX.state);
   ```

3. **Common Issues**:
   - **"Webpack: Not hooked"** → X.com's webpack chunks not found (try refreshing)
   - **"Intercepts: 0"** → No webpack chunks being loaded (check if logged in)
   - **"Patches: 0"** → Sensitive media modules not found (X.com may have changed structure)

4. **Force Re-check**:
   ```javascript
   // Manually trigger webpack hook attempt
   window.AgebypassX.forceWebpackCheck();
   ```

### Reporting Issues
For bug reports, [**open a GitHub issue**](https://github.com/Saganaki22/AgebypassX/issues) and include:
- Browser version and type
- Console error messages (with debug enabled)
- Screenshot of status tooltip

---

## 🧑‍💻 Source Code
Open-source and fully transparent:  
🔗 [https://github.com/Saganaki22/AgebypassX](https://github.com/Saganaki22/AgebypassX)

---

## 📜 License
Licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).  
Free to audit, fork, and improve.

---

## ⭐ Support
💡 Have feedback, feature requests, or just want to support the project?  
Visit the GitHub repository:  
🔗 **[https://github.com/Saganaki22/AgebypassX](https://github.com/Saganaki22/AgebypassX)**

---

## 🔄 Version History

### v2.0.0 - Simplified

### v1.3.0  - Webpack Edition
- **🆕 Modern Architecture**: Completely rewritten to use webpack chunk interception
- **🎯 Enhanced Detection**: Targets `SensitiveMediaSettingsQuery` and related modules
- **📊 Advanced Status**: Detailed statistics, debug API, and enhanced tooltips
- **🔧 Multiple Fallbacks**: Network request hooking and GraphQL query interception
- **🎨 Better UI**: Animated status indicator with rich hover information
- **🐛 Improved Debugging**: Console API and comprehensive error reporting

### v1.2 - Enhanced Edition  
- Configuration system and state management
- Multiple patching strategies and UI improvements
- Privacy warning removal and SPA navigation handling

### v1.1 - Reliability Update
- Added fallback methods and enhanced error handling
- Multiple patch targets for better coverage

### v1.0 - Original
- Basic age bypass functionality with simple status indicator

Commit message:

Refactor and enhance AgebypassX script logic
Simplifies the user script by removing the status indicator and related UI, and introduces a recursive patcher for state objects. Adds interception of JSON.parse to patch incoming data, spoofs birthdate, and updates README to v2.2.0 with new features and changelog.

README.md, after:

# 🛡️ AgebypassX – v2.2.0 (Updated 02.02.2026) 
Bypass **Twitter/X**'s age restrictions and unlock **sensitive media** — all **without compromising your privacy**.

---

## 🚀 Quick Setup Guide (Recommended) 
1. Install **Tampermonkey** (if not already installed).  
2. Install the **AgebypassX** userscript.  
3. Reopen X/Twitter — the **green indicator dot** should appear if everything is set up correctly. ✅  


---

## 🔒 Privacy Matters
Unlike other bypass scripts, **AgebypassX**:
- **Does NOT** send your data anywhere.
- **Does NOT** modify your account or cookies.
- **Does NOT** include analytics, ads, or tracking.
- Everything runs **locally** via Tampermonkey.

Your privacy stays protected. 🛡️

---

## 📸 How It Works 
Once installed, a small **animated dot** appears at the top-right of the page:
- 🟠 **Orange Dot (Pulsing)** → Script is **initializing** and searching for webpack chunks  
- 🟢 **Green Dot** → Script is **active** and successfully patched sensitive media settings ✅  
- 🔴 **Red Dot** → Failed to hook webpack or find sensitive media modules ❌  

**Enhanced Tooltip** (hover over dot):
- Shows **AgebypassX v2.0.0** version info
- **Status**: Active/Failed with detailed reason
- **Webpack**: Hook status (Hooked/Not hooked)  
- **Intercepts**: Number of webpack chunks intercepted
- **Patches**: Number of successful patches applied
- **Last**: Timestamp of most recent patch

**Debug Console** (for troubleshooting):
```javascript
// Enable debug logging
window.AgebypassX.config.debug = true;

// Check current status
window.AgebypassX.state;

// Force webpack re-check
window.AgebypassX.forceWebpackCheck();
```

---

## 🛠️ Troubleshooting v1.3.0

### Basic Issues
- If the indicator dot is **red**, reload the page and check console for errors
- Ensure Tampermonkey is **enabled** and script is **active**
- Use a **VPN** and set your location **outside of the UK**
- Make sure your **DNS is handled by the VPN** — avoid UK-based DNS
- **Clear your cookies** and **log out** of your X/Twitter session before enabling the script
- Tested only on **Chromium-based browsers** — other browsers may not work

### Advanced Debugging (v1.3.0)
1. **Enable Debug Mode**:
   ```javascript
   // In browser console on X.com
   window.AgebypassX.config.debug = true;
   ```

2. **Check Status**:
   ```javascript
   // View detailed status
   console.log(window.AgebypassX.state);
   ```

3. **Common Issues**:
   - **"Webpack: Not hooked"** → X.com's webpack chunks not found (try refreshing)
   - **"Intercepts: 0"** → No webpack chunks being loaded (check if logged in)
   - **"Patches: 0"** → Sensitive media modules not found (X.com may have changed structure)

4. **Force Re-check**:
   ```javascript
   // Manually trigger webpack hook attempt
   window.AgebypassX.forceWebpackCheck();
   ```

### Reporting Issues
For bug reports, [**open a GitHub issue**](https://github.com/Saganaki22/AgebypassX/issues) and include:
- Browser version and type
- Console error messages (with debug enabled)
- Screenshot of status tooltip

---

## 🧑‍💻 Source Code
Open-source and fully transparent:  
🔗 [https://github.com/Saganaki22/AgebypassX](https://github.com/Saganaki22/AgebypassX)

---

## 📜 License
Licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).  
Free to audit, fork, and improve.

---

## ⭐ Support
💡 Have feedback, feature requests, or just want to support the project?  
Visit the GitHub repository:  
🔗 **[https://github.com/Saganaki22/AgebypassX](https://github.com/Saganaki22/AgebypassX)**

---

## 🔄 Version History

### v2.2.0 - 02.02.2026
- **🆕 GraphQL Interception**: Direct hijacking of `JSON.parse` to strip sensitivity and interstitial flags from incoming data.
- **🎯 Dynamic Patching**: Recursive state patcher targeting both `__INITIAL_STATE__` and late-loading UI components.
- **⚡ Birthdate Spoofing**: Automatically sets account age in initial state to ensure "adult" status.
- **🛠️ Minimalist Engine**: Stripped down logic to ensure zero site loading lag or crashes.

### v1.3.0 - Webpack Edition
- **🆕 Modern Architecture**: Completely rewritten to use webpack chunk interception
- **🎯 Enhanced Detection**: Targets `SensitiveMediaSettingsQuery` and related modules
- **📊 Advanced Status**: Detailed statistics, debug API, and enhanced tooltips
- **🔧 Multiple Fallbacks**: Network request hooking and GraphQL query interception
- **🎨 Better UI**: Animated status indicator with rich hover information
- **🐛 Improved Debugging**: Console API and comprehensive error reporting

### v1.2 - Enhanced Edition  
- Configuration system and state management
- Multiple patching strategies and UI improvements
- Privacy warning removal and SPA navigation handling

### v1.1 - Reliability Update
- Added fallback methods and enhanced error handling
- Multiple patch targets for better coverage

### v1.0 - Original
- Basic age bypass functionality with simple status indicator
